and
the little friends like this year and his friend
michelle quijano and as everyone will know
the mystical tribute the new era that
that also after commenting on the new
mystic so for you to feel
what I think of what I think about
the copies in this issue we're going to have
to use our imagination
this is mystic or mass version let's see
that what I think of the new mystic
oxygenated adventures of yesterday and today
presents the spot grapefruit boc grapefruit is
the owner of a wrestling company
He is very rich and famous before being with
young who has to be the next star
wrestling doctor sheet gives you the
opportunity but you have to prove
what is done so the young man
shows in the ring that you can throw
from the third string that has
talent that may be the next maximum
star so to belong to the
tecnificar company sees his character to
mystical e becomes the mystic the
people love what they want
but its performance is not reflected in
his pockets so he claims her for
I do not know why the floor does not rise
the isep if you do not like it so go away like this
that mystic leaves behind his character and
he goes abroad to try his luck but
bolt grapefruit is not going to be left without
mystic so he puts the mask on
another fighter creates another new mystic
creates a spectacular debut but at the
people are not deceived people know that
is not the mystic apart it is very
big the mask does not look like the original
and it is the story of the mystic colorín
colorado this story is over
oxygenated adventures presented the
mythical history that's what I think
about the new mystic who with money
the dog dances the truth I do not like the
image is fine fucking skinny ever
it will reach the mystic's heels
original and especially the deceit the
cheating is not for video holes that is not
mystic that mystic is a face to face
this double double and why does it make
the minister in one step with the party with
psychosis then all so many ads that
they have to be born in destiny to the
piracy and in which he tells us that
it's easy to hack the characters of
truth the truth that new of not creating
new characters finally friends of their
friends my little sister ethics up
that subscribe here above whether
friends leave your comments what do you think
respect to the new mystic who know
Spanish I also do not like hate
copies that know follow the video follow
money